$Id: GUI-test-list,v 1.1 2007/04/25 15:23:48 briano Exp $

This file is a list of things to test in the GUI. The idea would be
anytime a GUI bug is fixed the conditions on how to reveal the bug
should be put here. Then before a release we can whip through the
list. These are generally GUI things that have to be tested by hand
and can't be tested programatically.  

1. Bug: Horizontal Scrollbar doesn't invalidate views, features disappear on scroll.
   Test: Zoom all the way in, scroll all the way right, reset, scroll left, hit
	vertical scroll. If features suddenly appear thats bad.

2. Bug: Apollo gets cleared out on a bad filename.
   Test: Put a bad filename into GAME:file and gff.

3. Bug: Exceptions thrown on changing from gff to a game file.
   Test: Load a game file (../data/example.xml) and then load a gff file.

4. Bug: Annot not changing translation when splice sites changed in EDE.
   Test: Zoom in to annot in main window to see its translated seq.
   Drag ends of exons in trans region in EDE. Translated seq should change.

5. When making installer, need to include this -D option (to allow writes
 back to Ensembl databases):
 
 lax.nl.java.option.additional=-mx200M -Xmx200M -Dorg.xml.sax.driver=org.apache.xerces.parsers.SAXParser

- Uncomment the das-adapter from apollo config
- Choose that adapter from the chooser
- If you need to set up an HTTP proxy to speak to the outside world, do
this by selecting the "change" button in the "Proxy Settings" row, and
filling in your proxy server address and port. If you need one and you
don't set one, then this step will just hang while java faffs around
trying to set up a socket.
- Type www.wormbase.org/db/das into the DAS Server field (yes, Ensembl
is in the drop-down, but wormbase is a faster source). The
sequence sources dropdown should have one value: "elegans". 
Select it.

If you don't have the right parameter in the lax file, the last step should
break, with a dialog telling you that you can't load a SAX parser
because the parameter is missing.
